with the
amen
now
the moment
not
both at European level
it was the first time
I do not remember
nobody
not
Campo Grande, MS
he
O
that
he does not have
Harry Potter
does not have this
it is
second time he lost may
always thigh
the talent playing a role
admission is free
the rescue team
himself
then must accompany the president of the republic the entrance is frank
d
well the man
she
a man and a woman
however netanyahu
last night is a man like a stone during encounter between Flemish
shit
one minute
Sunday
world
ameen
d
O
therefore
The work
the note
a goal
tomorrow
in the world
not
now
ae
air
not
guerrilla
this is
nunes
ah
I did not impose
rubens good pr
the mpf
- however the local authority
the contractor
- I have no idea
nobody is behaving
however he
nobody here
bloomberg
I do not have the idea
in this
ae